-[Alison] This time…
-Crack on.
-…it's the semi-final.
-Ah!
-Crunch time.
-[Alison] But who can perfect patisserie?
Gonna be intense.
-Why are they making us do this?
-I don't understand.
Come on!
[Alison] And who will fall…
-You'll kick yourself if you lose now.
-[Georgie] Yeah.
…at the final hurdle?
-[gasps]
-[Dylan yelps]
I'm going. I've had enough. I'm going.
[opening theme music playing]
[birds chirping]
[Noel] Just four remain
on The Great British Baking Show.
Only three can make it to the final.
-[Georgie] Good luck, everyone.
-Good luck. We got this.
Semi-finals day. [laughs]
Yeah, it's real now.
[Dylan] The chances of going
to the final have never been higher.
You have 75% chance
of getting into the final.
The chances of going home are also higher.
You have a 25% chance of going home.
They have upped the stakes
and patisserie is it.
Unfortunately, Northern portions
don't fit well with patisserie.
[Georgie] When you see the word
"patisserie", you're like, high-end, hard.
They're pulling out all the stops.
Hello, bakers, welcome back to the tent.
It's Patisserie Week
but more importantly, it's the semi-final.
So for your semi-final signature,
the judges would like you to bake
two batches of eight laminated
breakfast pastries.
[Noel] Your pastries can be any design
but at least one batch
must be filled or topped.
Remember, this is Patisserie Week
so the judges are looking
for a fantastic finish.
Or a hot Swede.
-On your marks.
-Get set.
Bake!
[Noel] This is the most ambitious
signature challenge ever set
on The Great British Baking Show.
I'm doing difficult maths
and everything for this.
[Alison] To give the bakers time
to present two perfect batches
of breakfast pastries…
for the first time ever,
the judges have allowed them one hour
to prepare their dough
so that it can rest overnight.
This is undoubtedly
one of the most difficult challenges
the bakers will face.
So we're looking for
folds of dough and butter.
Now the yeast in the dough will grow
and the butter will melt
and create a beautiful honeycomb.
[Prue] We're asking
for beautiful lamination
so it's flaky
and you can see every single layer.
[Paul] You want a finish that's
crispy golden brown on the outside
and it packs a punch
with the flavouring inside.
Everything has to go perfect today.
[Paul] Four amazing bakers.
Only three are gonna go through.
No one can afford
to make a mistake in this.
The fun part is tomorrow.
[birds chirping]
[bright classical music playing]
[Alison] The semi-finalists' dough
has been resting overnight.
[Dylan] Looks all right.
[Alison] They have three hours
to complete their pastries.
[Christiaan] Perfect.
We'll see what happens
in three hours. [laughs]
-Georgie, you all right?
-Hello.
Tell us about your pastries.
One's gonna be a pain Suisse
with chocolate chips
and the second are the pin wheels
and that's gonna have a dalgona cream.
[Noel] Dalgona, whipped coffee cream
and hazelnuts
will fill Georgie's pinwheels
while her chocolate-filled pain Suisse
boasts an ambitious cross lamination
that's required endless practice.
[exhales] I've made nearly 200.
-200?
-I really wanna be in the final.
Just take one of the others out.
-[Georgie] Yeah.
-With this.
Yeah. I'll just throw it over.
-Throw it towards Dylan.
-Yeah. [chuckles]
[Alison] Whilst Georgie aims to impress
with decorative lamination…
It's gonna be a lot of rolling.
…Christiaan is once again hoping
that it's what's inside that counts.
So, I'm doing a Danish
topped with saffron-roasted rhubarb.
I love sweet things, but I love
experimenting with other flavours
and seeing how far you can take it.
And I think growing up gay, like,
you know, made me look for other things
that were also "different".
But I do think it opens up your mind more.
And it's a lot of fun, isn't it?
[Noel] Alongside his saffron
and rhubarb Danish,
Christiaan hopes to begin
his journey to the final
with a Gruyère cheese swirl
flavoured with za'atar.
-Christiaan.
-Oh, hello, you.
-How you doing, semi-finalist?
-Yeah.
-Can you believe it?
-It's gotta be your week.
-Patisserie.
-Oh. I dunno. Is it?
-You still haven't had a Star Baker.
-Don't.
I'm the only one here without Star Baker.
-Always that bridesmaid.
-I know.
-As long as I win the final, it's fine.
-Exactly.
[Alison] To even reach the final,
the bakers will have
to conquer lamination.
I am putting butter into my dough.
Your butter's soft enough
that you can roll it…
I'm gonna just give this a quick little…
[Gill] …but not so soft it disappears
in the dough and lose the layers.
Dylan will be doing
something with thermometers.
If your butter's hard,
you get butter shards.
Your pastry won't laminate properly.
I just go,
"That looks about right. Crack on."
[Dylan] Making a pocket of butter
in between the dough
and then you roll it out.
Gonna start using my frozen pins
so everything's cold.
I need to keep the butter cold.
This is the first fold.
This is a letter fold.
Bring one one-third of the way,
the other two-thirds.
[Christiaan] So this was, like,
the book fold.
You need pastry, butter,
pastry, butter, pastry, butter.
[Georgie] At this point,
I just want to chill it.
In between every time that you fold it,
you'll have to put it back in the fridge.
[Noel] Whilst Christiaan and Georgie
prepare pastries
featuring complex flavours and designs…
I'll just pop it in the freezer.
…Gill's planned a breakfast
that's a little less continental.
Sausage sandwiches
and bananas and custard.
That's so English.
Bolton is coming to Paris
or Paris is coming to Bolton.
[Alison] Gill will add fennel
to her sausage whirls
and she'll fill Danish pastries
with a banana crème pâtissière
and decorate with bruléed bananas.
-That sounds delicious.
-Does sound nice.
How do you feel about
being in the semi-final?
I'm not thinking about the final.
I'm trying to concentrate on today
and hope that I get through.
-Live in the moment.
-That's it.
[Noel] Every moment in this
signature challenge is crucial.
Three hours is definitely not a long time.
[Noel] The bakers need to fold their dough
as many times as possible.
You roll your dough,
then you do your first turn,
put it back in the fridge, half an hour.
Second turn, put it back in.
It has half an hour.
So literally just to get your dough done,
you'd end up using up your entire time.
[Alison] The longer they spend
perfecting their layers…
You can see the lamination.
…the less time they have
for proving and baking.
[Christiaan] So much faff.
I don't imagine that you're bothered
about patisserie when you're at home.
It's not something I do regularly.
-Too fancy-schmancy for you, innit?
-Bit faffy.
-You gotta pull it off.
-Gotta try and pull it off today.
Think you're gonna be all right.
You're in the semi-final.
-I know.
-Where did the time go?
-Yesterday, there was 12 of us.
-What d'you think they're doing?
-I believe Mike's at Glastonbury.
-Oh, is he?
-[laughs]
-Having a brilliant time.
Having a fabulous time.
You're in here stressed out, baking,
and they're just in a rave tent. [hums]
[Alison] But not everyone's
stressed out by Patisserie Week.
I practised with two hours.
I thought we had two hours.
[Noel] Dylan misread the rules
for this challenge…
[Dylan sighs]
…and has been practising completing it
in two hours rather than three.
I can't believe I didn't read it properly.
It's actually ridiculous. [laughs]
[Alison] To deliver 16 breakfast pastries
in what he thought was just two hours,
Dylan planned just one design,
a croissant.
One batch with a hazelnut crème pâtissière
and another with cinnamon.
This sounds quite simple for you.
Quite simple flavours and…
-I was worried about the time.
-How are you introducing the crème pât?
I wanted to pipe it in.
-What, when it's baked?
-Yeah.
So it'll lose all the lamination.
So I thought the best way
if the proving isn't perfect
to kind of hide away from that is to…
Pipe it inside so you can't see.
[Dylan] Fill them. Yeah.
Leave one empty.
Oh, I'll see how they turn out.
Bakers, you're halfway through.
Oh, God.
-That's a very strong call out.
-Strong and serious, it's the semi-final.
No jokes.
No laughs.
-Just powerful baking.
-Yes.
Lamination.
[Noel] If racing to create layers of
butter and pastry wasn't hard enough…
Looks all right.
…the semi-finalists must now
shape their laminated dough fast enough
to give them as much time
to prove as possible.
I'm just cutting out my squares
so they can start proving.
Once they've puffed up,
it's gonna be like a floral shape.
[Georgie] I'm gonna cut 'em into squares
and they'll be turned into pinwheels.
Look how you know
what you're talking about.
-Yeah--
-Who have you become?
Who am I? Don't know who I am any more.
I've been worried for this challenge.
It is doable but the time is tight.
[Gill] We're having to do it
at such speed.
Why are they making us do this?
This is just cruel.
[Alison] Whilst Dylan has just one
croissant design for both his batches…
These are, sort of, minimalist croissants.
…Georgie's second pastry is even more
complicated than her pinwheels.
This is the cross lamination
so I'm cutting it
and then popping it on the top.
Usually, if you've got a croissant,
you'll see all the layers from the side.
This, it'll be on the top
so you'll see all the lamination.
So basically,
I'm putting myself up for slaughter.
But it's the semi-final
so I have to do something adventurous.
Got to put the sausage meat in this.
These are my fennel seeds.
This is my nod to the posh.
The secret is
you want it tight so it stays tight
but not too tight, because then
it doesn't have the space to grow.
Pain aux raisins if you're talking Danish.
But it's pain aux sausage.
-[Noel] Smells nice.
-[Christiaan] We're doing za'atar.
It's a Middle Eastern spice mix.
It's a really kind of rich flavour.
[Noel] You're in the semi-final.
Part of me feels as if
it was like last week
that there was 12 of us in the tent.
I was thinking about Andy today, going,
-oh, my God.
-Exactly.
When you think about
all the fallen bakers.
They're all buried out the back.
'Cause when you get kicked out of here…
-I know.
-Rolling pin, back of the head.
Then we put you in a big piping bag,
tie it up.
Oh, no. This is gross.
Prue digs a hole like in Goodfellas
-and Alison kicks your body into the hole.
-Stop it.
The Dame don't muck about,
that's all I'm saying.
These need to prove.
I moved slower at the beginning.
What was I doing?
[Christiaan] I wanna get as long
as I can for proving
'cause I think the proving
is my main issue.
Gonna pop a thermometer in here
to see what the temperature is like.
At 30 degrees, that butter just melts away
and you don't get your lamination.
So you want your pastries to prove
at about 26, max, I think.
Let's let these babies grow.
[Noel] Even if they're ready to prove…
Hopefully, they get an hour.
…the bakers still need to perfect
any fillings or toppings.
I'm gonna make the hazelnut paste now.
Italian fingers for you,
the heat doesn't touch me.
So this is my banana crème pât.
[Christiaan] I like the saffron
with the rhubarb.
The rhubarb is quite sharp and punchy.
I thought that'd be a nice combination.
[Alison] The extra hour
Dylan thought he had…
Oh, I'm so dumb.
…seems to have disappeared.
These won't have time to prove.
I must be the most disorganised person
to have made it to the semi-final.
Gonna put 'em in the oven
with steam and a thermometer.
Hopefully, that works better.
Cool. [laughs]
When I heard Paul was able to do this,
I was like,
"What is he? A magic man?"
[Alison] Bakers, you've got one hour left.
[Noel] Everything now rests
on the bakers' next move.
[blows air]
When to stop proving…
If the temperature goes too high,
my butter melts.
…and start baking.
[Christiaan] Waiting game now.
[Alison] But every minute proving…
will mean a minute less baking.
They take about 25 minutes to cook,
plus I got to get this oven on to preheat.
None of them have got long to prove.
Ah!
[tense music playing]
[ducks quacking]
I'm proving them
for as long as I can really.
Just pushing it to the end.
I'm gonna keep checking them.
So we've got 45 minutes.
[slurping]
[continues whisking]
This is just like
a transient state of whatever.
That's all the time they get.
Whether they're ready or not,
they're going in.
These are 100% not proved enough.
[Dylan] I'll take 'em out, put my oven on.
Oh, God, that's hot in there.
Jeepers.
I've got everything wrong
in this challenge.
If you'd known you had three hours,
what would you do different?
[Dylan] They said it seemed simple.
Did they say you seemed simple
or this seemed simple?
-Bit simple.
-That's what they say to me.
"You seem a bit simple, Noel."
I'm like, "I am simple."
The decisions that you make
while under pressure, it's just so weird.
I really hope this works.
I'm just breaking up my cardamom pods
then I can put them in my apple sauce.
I'm making my cinnamon sugar,
that I'll toss them in.
[Christiaan] Let's just do this then.
If you don't prove it enough,
the yeast'll explode in the oven.
It'll chuck all the butter out.
That's when you end up with a dry Danish,
and we're not at home to Mr Dry Danish.
It's the moment of truth, isn't it?
[Georgie] Oh, it's so annoying.
-[Dylan] Butter's not leaking out much.
-It is.
-[Dylan] They look well proved.
-It's hell, isn't it?
It's hell in here.
[birds chirping]
Bakers, you've got half an hour left.
I'm looking at the colour.
When it's nice, I'll take 'em out.
I'll give it as long as possible.
Turn the temperature up.
Making my crème pât.
I want it to taste
like hazelnut ice cream.
-[Gill] We're going in. Woo-hoo.
-[Georgie] Gill's are out, yay.
-They look really good, Gill.
-[Gill imitates fanfare]
-How much time do we have left?
-You have ten minutes left.
Okay, I'm just gonna pull them now.
[Georgie] It's all gonna be
last minute rushes now.
[Gill] Bruléeing bananas.
Hopefully, I don't set the tent on fire.
These are not good.
The dough isn't cooked,
they're underproved.
I wanted to bake them longer
but I need to fill them.
[Christiaan] Let's do it.
Relieved it's over.
They look all right. I'd eat them.
[Dylan] But Paul's told me to leave one
without the cream in.
This is so tight.
One minute left.
[Georgie] Now it's a case of
which ones to hide.
Gonna just throw these on.
Little brush of the orange.
Oh, the lemon.
[dramatic music playing]
Bakers, your time is up.
Group hug.
-Come on, Dylan.
-Dylan.
-Come in here.
-In a minute.
-He's like, "No, I'm busy."
-[laughter]
-Come on.
-I've got croissants to gaze at. Come on.
-[Dylan] That was painful.
-Come on. Oh, we did it.
[quacking]
[bright music playing]
[Noel] It's judgement time for
the semi-finalists' breakfast pastries.
Hello, Georgie.
-Hello, everyone.
-Hi, Georgie.
[bright classical music playing]
[Paul] I do like the colour.
The time just went.
You've scorched them.
You know they'll be crispy.
-[laughs]
-Yeah.
[Paul] This has got the…
Crème patisserie…
I'm not happy with them at all.
Tastes lovely. Beautifully crisp.
Just a little doughy in the middle.
When you're baking pastry, you rush,
and it looks like it's done.
-[Georgie] And inside…
-Inside concertinas up.
The pinwheels look absolutely delicious
and beautiful.
Thank you, Prue.
[knife hacking]
-[grunts] Same thing with this.
-[Georgie] Yeah.
[Paul] Too high.
-And it hasn't managed to laminate.
-Yeah.
-I love this one. The flavour's perfect.
-The coffee.
-Beautifully judged.
-Delicious.
[Georgie] Just some extra time.
-Would've been fine.
-Yeah.
[bright classical music playing]
They don't look too bad.
You probably put too much filling in.
-Okay.
-So, as the meat is cooking,
-it's opening up, releasing moisture.
-Okay.
-And pushing it out.
-Right.
-[Paul] Which is why it opened up.
-[knife cuts]
[Alison] Oh, lovely crunchies.
[Paul] You've got
a whole sausage in there.
[Gill and Prue laugh]
-It's delaminated itself.
-Okay.
[Paul] It's been rushed.
The layers haven't joined together.
But having said that, you're nearly there.
The sausage is a bit thick, but I must say
I love the flavour of the sausage.
[Gill] So there's a banana and crème pât
-and some bruléed bananas.
-[Alison] Mm.
[Paul] They needed more proving.
See the thick bars?
-[Gill] Yeah.
-You were nearly there.
It all tastes excellent
but it is a bit tough and doughy.
[Gill] Okay.
[bright classical music playing]
They look really inviting.
If I saw them in a pastry shop,
I'd want one.
-[Paul] For sure.
-[laughs] Good.
-[Paul] This is the za'atar?
-Za'atar and the Gruyère.
[Paul] Pretty good inside.
The flavour is absolutely lovely.
The za'atar level is delicious.
It's not overpowering.
[Paul] I think you're nearly there
with the proving and the baking as well.
Here we've got the saffron
and rhubarb Danish.
Wow, that's a punchy rhubarb that one.
-[Prue] Hmm.
-[Paul] Very tart.
It's really tart and rhubarby,
which is lovely.
[Paul] That's very you.
Strong, out-the-box flavours
and it's worked.
-Thank you.
-[Prue] Hmm.
[bright classical music playing]
They don't look as neat
as I expected them to look.
They are a bit of a mess.
-[Prue] They're certainly well-filled.
-Certainly hiding a multitude of sins.
You don't know yet.
I've left you the plain one.
-I'll have a look.
-Can you look at that?
-'Cause that looks good.
-No.
That's not fair.
They're not as honeycombed…
That's all right.
Middle needed longer proving.
-[Paul] Needed longer proving.
-[Dylan] Yeah.
-[Prue] I love the cinnamon.
-Yeah?
-Punchy, strong enough.
-Flavour's lovely with the cinnamon.
Let's look at the chocolate one.
-[Prue] Bit sloppy.
-I piped it in warm.
You'd never have managed it in two hours,
for sure.
[laughter]
That tastes like tahini.
The hazelnut paste doesn't quite work.
And it's too sloppy.
And I'm not convinced that just piping
a load of stuff inside a croissant
and destroying what you spent hours
trying to build up
is what you should've done.
[Dylan] It's probably one of
the worst things I've made on the show.
Bread is something I really like.
Proving is that one thing which is easy
but it's the one thing which just
ruins your croissants like that.
Can you really ever have too much sausage?
I don't think so.
Everyone had issues with proving
and it's not been my best work.
But it's done.
I do really want to give myself
every chance to get through to next week.
But none of us know what's going on
because everyone had an issue.
So we're all a bit nervous.
Ah!
[bright suspenseful music playing]
[Noel] The semi-finalists have no idea
what they'll be baking next.
Your technical challenge has been set
by Patisserie Paul.
Patisserie Paul, any words of wisdom?
You have to really be careful
of the layers and be extremely accurate.
As always, this is judged blind,
so, judges, you may now leave the tent,
thank you.
[Noel] Bye, Patisserie Paul.
So, Paul would love you to make
the exquisite French patisserie classic,
gâteau opéra, or opera cake.
Your opera cakes should have
eight layers of joconde sponge,
coffee, crème aux beurre
and a dark chocolate ganache.
It should be able to sing
"Nessun Dorma" at the end. [laughs]
Patisserie Paul has given you
two hours and 45 minutes.
-On your marks.
-Get set.
Bake!
[suspenseful music playing]
Oh, my God.
Opera cakes, I've never had one.
They sound nice.
I think the opera cake originates
from the layers of the opera house.
Paul said you want the layers
to be really nice and even,
so it is a bit scary.
Paul, an opera cake. Really difficult.
You have layers of joconde sponge,
crème aux beurre, then ganache.
There's two ways to introduce
the coffee flavour into this.
One in the crème aux beurre,
the other is the syrup
drizzled over the top of the joconde.
Once at the top
and you've got your glaze on,
then you need to think about trimming it.
When you cut through,
how do you stop that smearing?
[Paul] You can only do this
with a hot knife.
On top they'll have to temper chocolate.
It's all about detail.
You're showing off
with this particular cake.
-First thing to hit you is the coffee.
-It is absolutely perfect.
So they've got all the ingredients
and the quantities.
-Except the coffee.
-Otherwise you just said, "Make joconde,
-make ganache, make crème aux beurre."
-Yeah.
It's tricky. This is the semi-final.
We need to test our four amazing bakers.
"Make the chocolate ganache."
[Dylan] So I'll pour my cream over
the chocolate and allow it to melt a bit.
-You've made an opera cake before.
-No, never made an opera cake.
-No?
-Never made joconde sponge.
I know the theory.
-Why are they called opera cakes?
-Who knows how the high French mind works?
[laughs]
[Georgie] "Make the joconde."
If you've never made it…
I've no idea what everyone's doing.
Do you ever learn much about baking
from being here?
[Noel] I'm Michelin starred.
Prue gave me a Michelin star.
She glued it to my head. [laughs]
"Start by whisking up the eggs,
ground almonds and the caster sugar."
It's meant to be a light sponge,
That's about all I know.
It has no leavening agent
so this is important.
They want us to add egg whites to it.
We have to make a meringue, fold it in
and also incorporate air
into the egg yolks.
This cooks really quickly, I think.
Wanna make sure I've got enough.
You make, like, a second mixture.
Egg whites, sugar
and you sift the flour over it.
Then you combine the two together.
Why are you making
that and that separately?
Then you add them together later?
[Christiaan] I think it's because you can
incorporate more air into your egg whites.
-Don't give you much here.
-Oh, no. I mean, honestly.
[Dylan] I'm folding in my meringue,
lightens it up.
[Georgie] What's everyone else doing?
I think they've got theirs in
whipping with it. Don't know.
[gasps] Is that for the joconde as well?
Oh, my God. I've done it wrong.
[dramatic music playing]
It says for the joconde, those,
then a gap, then more ingredients.
I don't understand. [breath trembles]
I'm going. I've had enough.
[dramatic music continues]
I just don't wanna do it.
I'm done. I'm done.
I'm gonna stand here until the end.
I just feel useless.
-[Alison] Listen to me.
-[Georgie sobs]
I've been where you are.
This is what you're doing.
You put yourself
into a "I can't do this, I'm no good."
Listen to me.
You've got this a million percent.
Please, I'm begging ya.
Get that negative and throw it away.
[Georgie] Yeah.
Come back to the positive. 'Cause
you'll kick yourself if you lose this now.
[Georgie] I just don't know
what to do with it.
-[Alison] You do.
-[Georgie] I don't know.
[Alison] Listen, just read it slowly.
Get out of your space
and go back to where GG always is, yeah?
-I know.
-All right? You've got this.
-All right?
-[breathes deeply] Okay.
Bakers, you are halfway through.
So behind now.
I've put 'em in for ten minutes.
Hmm, maybe around like ten to 12 minutes.
[Alison] Whilst Georgie remakes her sponge
the rest move on to the coffee elements.
Make the coffee syrup
which we're gonna spread over the cake.
"Coffee extract to taste."
Do they not know I can't taste coffee?
For the love of God, people.
So they're going in now.
They're not right anyway.
[Dylan] Crème aux beurre
is just a French buttercream.
[Gill] Add the butter in.
That's your crème aux beurre.
I'm gonna add the espresso extract now.
Half a teaspoon to begin with.
Smells really strong.
Don't wanna put much in.
I could eat this all day.
I am gonna put in another one. Be bold.
Did a half teaspoon. I'll add another one.
-Definitely more coffee.
-[Georgie] I'll taste it now.
[suspenseful music playing]
-I think it's fine.
-Should I add a bit more?
-Needs more.
-[Georgie] I don't wanna overwhelm.
Might do a little bit more.
Oh, that's really good actually.
Stop there.
-Right, let's have a look.
-It's cooked.
-[Gill] I'm gonna take that as done.
-I think that looks all right.
It's rising a little bit.
It'll have to do. At least it's risen.
[Alison] How's it going?
[Georgie] As long as I get
something on the dish.
Gotta get out your head.
-I know.
-That's the thing.
-I shouldn't be like that.
-It's just in your head ultimately.
"I'm going, I'm just not doing it."
-I'm gonna stand here until it's finished.
-[laughs]
So I am just gonna cut this sponge.
It's a bit thick,
so I'll cut it down a bit.
Not the best, I don't think,
but they're gonna come out.
[Noel] Paul's opera cake recipe
demands eight layers.
Cake, syrup, chocolate,
buttercream and then again.
[Alison] And as the sides will be exposed…
So I'm gonna soak it with the syrup.
-…every layer must be the same thickness.
-[Dylan] Looks beautiful.
[Noel] And perfectly level.
It's not filling it properly. What a mess.
[Dylan] There you go, freeze.
[tense music playing]
Bakers, you've got half an hour left.
"For the decoration, temper the chocolate
and spread over the transfer square,
making beautiful
musical notes decorations."
[Dylan] E-sharp, G, G, B.
I can't wait to see
the musical notes on it.
It will be cute.
It makes me wanna sing opera.
[vocalising "Der Hölle Rache"]
-What a lovely voice.
-Oh!
"Using a sharp knife
make 1.5 centimetre cuts."
"Curl the acetate into a tube
and place in the glass to set."
[Dylan] It's a job well done, mate.
That can stay there.
I need to get the other layers on.
[Gill] Final layer of buttercream.
[Dylan] That buttercream's beautiful.
[Christiaan] I'm gonna top it
with the last sponge
and then soak it in the syrup.
There's just so many layers
and things going on. It's like, "Oh!"
[Noel] I can feel a tension in here now.
-It is like…
-Crunch time.
Yes.
They'll be looking for perfection in this.
I'm hoping once I've cut the ends,
it'll be fine.
Bakers, you have 15 minutes left.
The glaze is going on. [sighs] Ah!
I think the proof's gonna be in
when I unmould it.
I know I've got other issues,
so make sure this top layer is right.
How do you even get it off?
[Gill] Apparently like that.
[Georgie] I just need to trim it down.
I'll just get a hot knife
and hope for the best.
I'm a bit nervous.
[tense music playing]
[Gill] Oh! Took that edge off
with the handle. That's annoying.
The layer's so messy.
[Dylan] Pretty nice.
So I'm moving back
to my chocolate decoration.
[Georgie] Sugar, they're all snapping.
I'll put these in the freezer.
Bakers, you've got one minute left.
Oh, Christ.
Fingers crossed, I'll get a couple.
Might have been a bad idea
to freeze these in here.
It'll be such a pain to… oh.
Oh, it's breaking in my hands. Oh, no.
My curls haven't worked.
I think I made them too thin.
[Dylan] That's actually beautiful.
Bakers, your time is up.
Do you know what? It'll have to do.
Please bring your opera cakes
down to the table
and place them behind your photographs.
That was awful.
-Yours looks awesome.
-Look at your curls.
-Wow.
-[Georgie] Mine's a mess.
-Oh, mine is a bit of a mess.
[Noel] Paul and Prue are expecting
eight precise layers
including light joconde sponge,
beautifully smooth coffee crème aux beurre
and chocolate ganache,
all topped with tempered chocolate curls.
[Paul] Okay. Let's start with this one.
[Prue] The curls on the chocolate
could've been curlier and higher.
-The layers are very nice and neat.
-[Paul] Mmm.
-Mm.
-It is all very good.
There's not a lot of coffee.
-There's some.
-Some but not a lot.
[Prue] This one looks a bit uneven.
You look at the difference
-between that layer of ganache and that.
-Yeah.
Not getting lot of coffee,
getting chocolate.
-[Prue] Mmm.
-[Paul] This is very nice.
It's got nice, neat layers.
-That looks very even, doesn't it?
-Very good.
Mmm. Coffee.
-[Prue] Chocolate's good too.
-Mmm.
-That is lovely.
-[Paul] That's nice.
[Prue] I love these curls.
They're not in the middle, but very nice.
[Paul] The layers are all over the place.
Got a big layer of chocolate
on there, isn't there?
-There's coffee.
-Coffee. Hmm.
Definite coffee.
Curls are lovely, I like the shine.
It's probably a bit
too much chocolate on top.
[Alison] Paul and Prue will now rank
the opera cakes from worst to first.
In fourth place, we have this one.
Georgie, it's not quite enough coffee
and the layers aren't quite even.
In third spot, we have this one.
Whose is this? Christiaan.
Coffee level was quite nice,
but it was a little untidy.
In second place, this one.
Who's that?
Gill, the only complaint I can find is
that the chocolate curls weren't perfect
and I would've liked more coffee.
Which means in first place…
Dylan.
Very neat
and the coffee level was spot on.
And each layer was equal. Well done.
I'm more optimistic
about getting to the final now.
When I was placing the chocolate curls,
I was like, "This is up my street."
Like, I'm not good
at the arts-crafty style of baking.
I think I'm much better
at making things look plain,
which doesn't sound good.
I'll look at it as second
rather than third from bottom.
So, I was hoping to come
just that one spot higher.
[Georgie] It's hard when you can't
understand what they're asking of you.
I've never had that before,
but it was really close.
And this morning, everyone had
a technical issue with the bake.
So, it's gonna come down to tomorrow.
[bright classical music playing]
[Noel] One challenge remains
before we discover
who will be this year's last Star Baker
and who won't make it to the final.
Good luck, everyone. Do your best.
It's more important to them
to get into the final, than it is to win.
Once you're in the final, you go,
"I was a finalist". It's amazing.
[Paul] The only one
slightly in front is Christiaan.
[Alison] He's never had Star Baker.
-Always second.
-The bridesmaid.
[Paul] Dylan struggled in the signature
but he won the technical.
He's ping-ponged a bit.
[Prue] The one who doesn't believe
she'll get through is Georgie.
-But she wants it the most.
-She wants it terribly.
-[Paul] Gill's just shocked she's here.
-[Prue laughs]
If they all have an amazing showstopper,
-what are we gonna do?
-I don't know.
[Paul] When it gets tight,
we'll look over previous weeks,
where they've gone.
Then will you look
to what they did at school?
Possibly. Primary school.
-[all laughing]
-Which one of you walked first?
[Paul] Yeah.
[intense music playing]
Hello, bakers. Welcome back to the tent.
It's your showstopper challenge.
And the judges would love you
to create an exquisite display
of 12 fruit-shaped entremets.
"Entremets" literally means
"between servings".
You can eat as many as you want,
it's not a meal.
Each of your entremets should be decorated
to look like your chosen fruits.
-You have four hours, 30 minutes.
-Good luck, everyone.
There's only this bake
between you and the final.
-On your marks.
-Get set.
Bake.
[bright classical music playing]
[Gill] I've practised them.
This is the first time
I've made entremets.
I don't think I've ever eaten entremets.
It's so tight.
Everything has to be perfect.
[sighs] Gonna be intense.
Ay, ay, ay.
But what's new?
Today's showstopper challenge
is to make 12 entremets, fruit-shaped.
So say they're making a tangerine,
it must look like a tangerine
and it must taste like a tangerine.
It's about textures.
When you bite into an entremets, think of
the lightest mousse you've ever had,
and several layers of that.
This is truly a delicious challenge.
The key thing is setting
each particular layer
before you add the next one.
If you don't, it'll bleed,
they'll have to start again.
Once they've produced the entremets,
they've gotta think how to display it.
They could use biscuit, chocolate.
You want it to show off the entremets.
[Prue] This is the last chance
to get to the final.
It's probably the most important challenge
of the whole lot.
[Paul] Hi, Gill.
-Hello there.
-Hello, Gill.
Tell us about your entremets.
I am making strawberry entremets,
which is inspired by the time we went
pick your own strawberrying as a family
and my dad lost his car keys
while picking.
There were some looks between
my mother and father at that point.
[Alison] Gill aims not to lose
her place in the final
with a buttercream basket surrounded by
mirror glazed strawberry mousse entremets,
featuring a sharp strawberry and mint gel.
And they'll sit
on delicate lemon shortbread
in the shape of her dad's lost car keys.
-Your flavours are always good.
-Okay.
When you came to the tent
we were concerned about your finesse.
-Yeah.
-But that's changed.
-[Prue] Absolutely. I like the story too.
-[laughs]
-Every family has that story.
-[Gill] Yeah.
-We lost ours on the beach.
-Oh, right.
[laughs] I bet you look after
your car keys really well.
-I do.
-[Gill] Yeah.
[all laughing]
[Noel] After a disastrous
technical challenge…
Need to move quick today.
…Georgie is hoping to be picked
for the grand final
thanks to not one fruit entremets,
but two.
One's lemon and lime
with a pistachio shortbread
and blackberry and whisky chocolate cake.
I know the judges like alcohol,
so I was like, "Just do anything."
[Noel] Welsh whisky-soaked chocolate cake
with blackberry confit and mousse
will sit in a chocolate basket
alongside Georgie's lemon entremets
with a strong limoncello kick,
for a showstopper
that she hopes won't be her last.
-You know…
-You nearly left like Jeff.
Alison gave me a talking to.
I'm glad you guys were there.
-We try and keep you on track.
-Yeah.
But you're tired as well,
and this is a lot.
[gasps]
-Yeah.
-What have I just done…
-What are you doing?
-[both laugh]
-Is that my fault?
-Oh, my-- No, I put them backwards.
You're supposed to sieve it first.
You're trying to sieve
through a bowl into a sieve.
What's going on?
It's good that you really
want to go to the final.
-Oh, my gosh.
-[laughing]
-[Alison] To get through the showstopper…
-Right. First element done.
…one thing all the bakers need
is a perfectly set silky mousse.
My life's more Angel Delight
than a mousse.
It's a strawberry and mascarpone mousse,
but it's got white chocolate in it.
Before I started Bake Off, I had no idea
about mousse and how it works.
You can use anything to make a mousse.
I have this, which is my avocado mousse.
And this has got a bit of pistachio in it.
Inside that will be a chocolate choux bun
and then, have a lime dark
chocolate ganache inside.
It'll act like the avocado core.
-Yeah.
-[Prue] Lovely.
[Alison] Dylan's choux bun centres
will be coated in caramel,
his avocado entremets
served in a nougatine pallet box,
and his orange entremets
made with an orange and white chocolate
whipped ganache
and genoise sponge
soaked in orange liqueur.
The outside will be what?
How will you texture it?
I'm dipping them in cocoa butter.
The avocado, I'll spray it
with a bit of purple cocoa butter.
Then I'll spray them with neutral glaze
so it gives a knobbly, shiny wax effect.
I think it looks cool.
Obviously, you're aiming
to be in the final.
-What would it feel like to go through?
-I wanna be a chef.
And so I think this whole thing has been…
-sick, because it's like…
-[Prue laughs]
I feel like so much of it has, like,
affirmed certain things.
I didn't know if I was any good.
If I make it to the final
it's like, "Wow!"
I mean, you have had a very good run.
-Thank you.
-[Prue] You really have.
[Noel] A creamy mousse
is just the beginning
of the bakers' daunting to-do list.
Right. I'm gonna make this curd now.
[Alison] Any classic entremets
must also have a separate
complementary centre.
The diced strawberries
are going in the centre with some mint.
[Dylan] The orange one will have
an insert of orange jam.
I need this done really quick
because it needs to freeze.
[Georgie] So this is limoncello.
[Noel] Georgie isn't the only baker
bringing a taste of Italy
to their showstopper.
I can taste it.
I'm doing many things at the same time.
The basil is for my basil jelly.
It's a really thin layer
that goes on top of my bergamot insert.
I imagine most people
will have drunken Earl Grey tea,
which is the main flavouring,
and that is the bergamot.
[Alison] Inspired by a trip to Italy
with partner Nick,
Christiaan's bergamot
and basil-filled citrus entremets
will join sour apple
and orange liqueur entremets,
complete in a display
that's even more ambitious
than his flavours.
[Christiaan] So, the centrepiece
is gonna be a lemon biscuit tree.
And I'm doing lemon meringue piped leaves,
and I'll individually add them on.
You're not messing around today.
It's the semi-final, isn't it?
Hang on, is this standing up?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So you're making the tree and the leaves?
Yeah, yeah.
-[Prue] Christiaan.
-Okay.
Erm, I hope you're not overambitious here.
We'll leave you to it.
You need all the time. Thank you.
[Georgie] Going in for now.
[Noel] As well as setting
mousses and centres,
the bakers must also find time
to perfect the baked elements
that the judges have demanded.
So this is gonna be the chocolate cake.
[Dylan] The orange entremets
have genoise sponge at the bottom.
Get it in.
Get it cooked. Get it cooled.
Bing-bang-boom. Bish-bash-bosh.
Know what I thought when I saw your keys?
Like, you leave them in the bowl.
When I thought of this lovely story
and called it, "Pick Your Own Car Keys",
my husband went, "There's gonna be
so much innuendo about that."
[Christiaan] Both of them are gonna have
a pistachio dacquoise biscuit base.
I'm on my time schedule so that's good.
-[Noel] You on sched?
-I'm happy. Yeah. You know what?
[Noel] This is your key to success.
I've got here 20 minutes,
which is room for error.
If anything goes wrong,
-I got an extra 20 minutes. [laughs]
-Room for error.
I've calculated it.
I'll call my autobiography Room for Error.
[both laugh]
[birds chirp]
-Bakers, you are halfway through.
-[mouthing]
Oh, my God, what the hell is this?
This is not a genoise sponge.
This is a mess.
I just hope I can get what I need from it.
[Alison] Time is now
the semi-finalists' enemy.
Ah!
[Gill] Happy with them.
[Noel] The faster they can assemble
their entremets…
[makes whoosh sounds]
…the more chance they'll have to set
and be decorated
to look like their chosen fruit.
That choux bun is reminiscent
of the avocado pit.
The choux takes 15 minutes,
then I can assemble everything.
[Gill] I've put mousse
in the bottom of the moulds.
Then I've put the frozen insert in
and now I'm just topping them up.
Adding on the dacquoise biscuit.
To make a realistic strawberry,
they're not the biggest in the world.
I'm hoping that'll show finesse.
[Alison] But finesse…
[Dylan] So weird.
…could prove hard to come by for Dylan.
It's odd shapes because I couldn't get
the genoise good enough diameter.
[Noel] And he's not alone.
I've done it wrong. I should've
put it in when it wasn't solid.
[Alison] Georgie has frozen her mousse
before adding her inserts.
So now there's not gonna be enough room.
Ugh, sugar, what am I gonna do?
[Noel] Unable to press them
into soft mousse,
she'll have to cut each one down to fit.
[Georgie groans]
[Alison] Potentially ruining
her balance of flavours.
[grunts] I'm so annoyed
I've done this now.
[Gill] You've got one chance
'cause you need to freeze them
for them to set.
If they don't come out the moulds
you can't do it again.
Then we're all doomed.
What a silly cow.
Let's pop these in the freezer
and then I'll move on.
Bakers, you've got one hour left.
Didn't lose any.
Christiaan and Dylan are really pushing
the boat out, aren't they?
[Paul] Christiaan's doing
sour apple, bergamot,
and the way
he's putting it together in a tree,
I hope he has the time.
-Dylan as well.
-[Paul] I love the idea of the avocado.
It'll be fascinating to see
what it tastes like.
The way he's making
the stone of the avocado.
With the choux.
-[thuds]
-[sighs]
The one that's playing it safer
is definitely Gill.
[Prue] The fact that
it's simple strawberry and biscuit,
we won't mark her down for that.
[Georgie] I need to start weaving.
[Paul] Georgie's lacking confidence.
Her chocolate basket
is really interesting.
[Prue] She really does have the skills.
-She just never believes in herself.
-Yeah, sure.
I need to check the entremets
and I am a little bit scared.
The thing they need to worry about
is the textures.
You've got to allow things to set.
If you rush it,
it's like the whole thing collapsed down.
They kind of feel frozen.
This is gonna be very, very tricky.
[Dylan] So we're just gonna try and make
a nice avocado shape.
[Noel] If their entremets aren't frozen…
[Christiaan] Yes!
…the bakers may not have
enough remaining time to decorate them.
[Dylan yelps]
Hopefully, they don't mind food
off the floor.
Might not stay.
[Dylan] Just gotta get 'em out.
Frozen, which is what I want.
I'll leave these in the freezer
before I mould more,
'cause they're warming up.
Bakers, you have half an hour left.
Half an hour?
Are you mental?
Just not what you wanna hear, is it?
[Georgie] The basket's done.
[Dylan] I'm dipping mine in cocoa butter
and spraying them with a neutral glaze.
[machine whirrs]
Mirror glaze is a pain.
Too cold and it's gonna be lumpy.
Too hot and it's just gonna
melt the entremets
and also just completely melt off.
[Gill] Looks like we're ready.
You have 15 minutes left.
Just enough. We'll see.
[Gill] Hopefully the strawberry's texture
won't be masked by the mirror glaze.
God, my fingers are freezing.
[Dylan] Please, please, please work.
[sighs]
[Georgie] I will spray them
with cocoa butter.
-[exhales sharply]
-[softly] It's tense.
[suspenseful music playing]
I can't breathe.
[Georgie] Can't feel my fingers.
Just wish again they were a bit neater,
but it is what it is.
[suspenseful music continues]
It's fine, I have another.
Is it still cold?
No, let me pop it in the freezer.
Bakers, you have five minutes left.
I don't know if it'll freeze in time.
I don't know why I threw that one.
I could've used it.
[blender whirring]
I'm not happy with the bottom.
So I'm thinking to maybe dip them
in pistachio for a little edge.
I don't know if that's a good
or a bad last-minute idea.
[whirring]
Yeah, that's all I can do.
[Dylan] How much time left?
One minute to finish your entremets.
Come on, Dyl, you can do it.
-Oh, my God.
-Come on!
Please, Dylan, please.
[tense music playing]
Your time is up.
[Alison] Well done, bakers.
[exhales]
[Dylan] I'm missing an orange.
Bloody hell.
[bleats]
[crow caws]
[Noel] It's judgement time
for the semi-finalists' entremets.
Gill, it's time for your showstopper.
[chuckles]
Gill, describe your entremets.
My "Pick Your Own Keys" entremets
is strawberry and mint centre,
then a strawberry mousse
with a white chocolate glaze
and a lemon shortbread.
That basket is lovely.
I like your dad's keys.
[laughs]
I don't know why he couldn't find them.
They're obvious.
I know. Yeah. [laughs]
I like the strawberries.
Proportionally they're the right size.
[Prue] Yes.
The mint really works too.
The mint and the mousse
work really nicely together.
I think they're little exquisite
balls of strawberry.
I'd be happy to stand here
and gobble the rest up.
-[Paul] I agree.
-[Prue] Well done.
-Thank you, Gill.
-Thank you.
-Well done, love.
-[Gill] Thank you.
Dylan, it's time for your showstopper.
[tense music playing]
Dylan, can you remind us
about your showstopper, please?
One is orange. It has a orange whipped
white chocolate ganache,
genoise sponge,
and then orange jam on the inside.
And then the avocado one
is an avocado and pistachio
with a choux bun in the middle
dipped in caramel
and dark chocolate and lime ganache.
[Paul] I like your nougatine.
That works well as a basket.
I love that the covering
on the outside is glistening,
so it looks like they've just been picked.
There's the stone.
[Prue chuckles] Look at that.
-Oh, wow.
-[laughs] Cheers, Christiaan.
[Prue] It's a very strange feeling
'cause it's so realistic.
I think, "Oh, my God, I've got some skin.
I'll have to eat avocado skin."
-It messes with your mind.
-[chuckles]
That is so delicate
and the pistachio is fascinating in it.
It works beautifully.
I've never had anything like it.
The pistachio goes so well
with the chocolate.
[Paul] It is a little work of art.
Fascinated to see
what this orange is like.
Wow.
I love that too.
I love the bitterness of the marmalade
with the sweetness of the mousse.
It's just lovely.
It's one thing being able to produce
an entremets with the idea of a fruit,
but to make it look like the fruit
is very clever. Well done.
-Cheers.
-Thank you, Dylan.
[whispers] You were worried
for nothing, see.
[exhales]
Christiaan, would you like
to bring up your showstopper?
[suspenseful music playing]
Christiaan, tell us
all about your entremets, please.
[Christiaan] Pistachio dacquoise
topped with an apple compôte
encased in an apple mousse,
and then the other ones are basil jelly
encased in a bergamot lemon mousse.
It is staggeringly beautiful.
[chuckles]
[Paul] I love the colours,
quite a vibrant yellow,
and the classic sour apple green.
Besides which, it goes with my outfit.
-Perfectly.
-[laughs]
It does. There they are there.
It's a work of art.
You've done something exceptional.
-Thank you.
-[Paul] Hmm.
-[Prue] That thin line is basil jelly?
-That's the basil jelly, yeah.
The dacquoise with the basil jelly
works beautifully well together.
[Prue] The contrast when you get
a bit of crunch is lovely.
But the bergamot, the citrus flavour
coming through is just stunning.
You've created something really elegant.
That mousse has a real good apple flavour.
[Paul] The mousse is delicious.
And you carry through
that sour apple flavour,
which then works as a whole
with the dacquoise down at the bottom.
I don't think you've put a foot wrong.
Well done, Christiaan.
[whispers] Thank you.
[whispers] Smashed it.
[exhales]
Georgie, would you like to bring up
your entremets, please?
[suspenseful music playing]
Georgie, tell us all about your entremets.
The lemon is a limoncello mousse,
lime curd, and pistachio shortbread,
and the blackberry
is blackberry mousse confit, crème pât,
and a chocolate sponge with a dash
of [laughing] Welsh whisky on it.
They look absolutely wonderful
and I'm so impressed with the basket.
[Paul] The basket
and the filling look amazing.
I love these blackberries.
The finish on top
of the lemon as well, clever.
-Beautiful.
-Oh, thank you.
It's interesting,
because the mousse is really smooth,
the contrast of the jam, which has got
almost whole fruit in it, is just lovely.
[Paul] I love the confit.
It's got a sharpness
that goes well with the mousse.
Even the chocolate sponge
with the alcohol kick.
Is it a kick? I don't know
how much I put in. [laughs]
-Just a bit.
-It's just a kick. You know it's there.
Hmm.
-Yes, Georgie.
-The limoncello, is it?
Mmm, that's delicious.
-Oh, thank you.
-Really good.
It's nice and light,
and the shortbread down the bottom
works nicely with it.
[Prue] The proportions are perfect.
-It's a delicious thing to eat.
-Thank you.
Now do you believe in yourself?
Yeah, I do. The first time
I've been really happy, and yeah.
-Finally.
-Thank you so much. [laughs]
-Well done.
-Thanks.
-[Gill] Well done.
-Thanks, guys.
Oh, thank God.
[Christiaan] That was one
semi-final judging, wasn't it?
Everyone did so brilliantly.
[Dylan] I witnessed Bake Off history.
I was sat there like, "Wow!"
One after another. Everyone hit it.
I'm definitely not
a shoo-in for the final.
I don't think it's ever been this tight
in the history of Bake Off.
And I am worried
because I was fourth in technical.
I've done everything that I could do.
It might be me.
[dramatic classical music playing]
[duck quacking]
[whimsical classical music playing]
That was probably one of the best
showstoppers I've ever seen.
Some of these bakes are just awesome.
Especially from Christiaan
with the bergamot and the sour apple,
'cause that sour apple was spot on.
[Prue] And so was Dylan's.
It looks so like a real avocado.
I will say, one thing I discovered after,
Dylan was missing an entremets.
Is that gonna go against him?
[Prue] Yeah, you're supposed to do 12.
Actually, Georgie did a good job.
That limoncello in there,
the kick from it was beautiful.
It was such a pleasure to eat.
Gill, hers was delicious.
The shortbread was perfect.
The mousse was perfect.
[Alison] This is gonna be so tough.
Is it possible Jeff can still go through?
[all laughing]
[duck quacking]
[suspenseful music playing]
Well done, bakers. What a semi-final.
I've also got the best job
of announcing Star Baker.
This week's Star Baker
and the person definitely
going through to the final is…
-Christiaan!
-[all cheering]
[Georgie] Well done.
-Thank you.
-Finally the bride.
[all laughing]
[Noel] Well done.
Ah, that means
I've got the devastating job
of announcing which person
will be leaving us.
It's heartbreaking 'cause I feel like
you should all go through to the final.
And the person
who's leaving us this week is…
-Gill.
-And quite right too. [laughs]
Aw, babe.
-[Prue] Oh, Gill.
-[Georgie] Gill.
-Ah.
-[Georgie] My love, I love you.
-Do this for the girls.
-I love you.
Can't let these boys keep having it.
-Oh, they out-baked me by a mile.
-[Prue chuckles]
[sighs] Patisserie got me.
But I can't be sad.
I've had the absolute best time.
It's brilliant, I can't be sad.
[laughs]
-[Paul] Well done, Gill.
-Thanks, Paul.
-[laughs]
-[Paul] Did the North proud.
It wasn't that Gill messed up,
it's just that everybody else
was that little bit better.
And she's such a lovely lady,
and she represented the North
and my part of the world extremely well.
Oh, I was so sorry to see Gill go.
She just goes for very homely flavours,
which I absolutely love.
Perhaps not quite as ambitious
but just as good a baker.
[Georgie] It broke my heart
to hear Gill's name being called.
But I also thought,
"Oh, my God, I'm a finalist."
It was so bittersweet.
-Congratulations.
-Alison, what's going on?
You've done it, babes.
You're going into the final. [chuckles]
[exclaims in Welsh]
[in English] The Welsh are still in. Yay!
-Hey, babe.
-[Nick] Hey, babe, you all right?
I got Star Baker.
[Nick] Oh!
Ah! [laughs]
I genuinely did.
[Dylan] Thanks for everything.
No, you are a star,
and you know that, don't you?
This is your calling, and if you…
[Dylan] The greatest privilege
of getting into the final,
it's about this whole thing
gives you the opportunity
to actually invest time
into something that you love.
I'm not thinking about anything else,
just thinking about making good food.
It's like this is all I've ever wanted.
It's absolutely insane.
Thank you, everybody.
It's been absolutely marvellous
and you've made me feel so special.
-I've really loved it.
-[Georgie] You're amazing.
Thank you so much.
-You, I want you. Come on, come on.
-[all laughing]
[Gill] Oh, my spirited guy.
-I did my best.
-[Gill] Thank you. Thank you.
Every bake that I had
has been something special to me
or about somebody who's special to me.
And, yeah, I've just baked what I know
and what I love for who I love.
I'm gonna go and rob that lilac bowl
'cause I've had my eye on it forever.
-[all laughing]
-[Christiaan] Go, go, go.
[Gill] Week one I was at the back bench
and I said, "Ooh, look, a lavender bowl."
"Wouldn't it be lovely
to have a bowl like that?"
So I won't get my cake stand,
but I've got my bowl.
[all laughing]
[closing theme music playing]